Added the launch folder for Octopus 2022 Q3 (#875)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2022-09/octopus-release-2022-q3/index.md

Learn how to use [Project level insights in our docs](https://octopus.com/docs/insights).  

### Insight across projects and teams with the Space level insights (available to Enterprise customers)

![Space level insights with Octopus Deploy DevOps Insights](devops-insights-space-level-insights.png "width=500")

This release includes additional insights for Enterprise customers. Space level insights:

- Aggregate data across your space so you can compare metrics across projects to identify what's working and what isn’t
- Inform better decision making: identify problems, track improvements, and celebrate successes 
- Help you quantify DevOps performance based on what's actually happening as shown by data

Learn more about [how Space level insights can help your team make better decisions](https://octopus.com/docs/insights). 

> Space level insights are available as a part of the Octopus Deploy Enterprise subscription. Contact our sales team for a demo and to [learn more about Octopus Deploy pricing](https://octopus.com/pricing).

### Customer feedback from the DevOps Insights Alpha Program

> We had several customers participate in our DevOps Insights Alpha Program and we thank you for your time and feedback. This has helped to shaped the feature for thousands of other customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several customers participated in our DevOps Insights Alpha Program, and we thank them for their time and feedback. They helped shape the feature for thousands of other customers.
```

- Use Octopus to automate the transition between stages in the change request after it’s created, leaving a record of deployment in ServiceNow.
- Use change templates to auto-create standard change requests to reduce manual work and control what information is populated.
- Ensure “Change Windows” are honored on existing change requests so deployments won’t execute until the time-window specified.
- Add work notes to change requests with information about deployment start and finish time, and whether it was successful or not.
- View and export audit logs of controlled deployments for easy compliance and post-deployment reconciliation.

Learn more about our [ServiceNow integration](https://octopus.com/docs/approvals).

> The ServiceNow integration is available as part of our Enterprise subscription to help larger organizations with their change management. Contact our sales team for a demo and [learn more about Octopus Deploy pricing](https://octopus.com/pricing).

## Efficient change management approvals with Jira Service Management (early access preview)

![Screenshot of Jira Service Management integration](jira-task-settings.png "width=500")

> Build on our ITSM change management support, our Jira Service Management integration is available as an early access preview (EAP). This integration links Octopus deployments to Jira Service Management change requests, making it easier to manage deployment pipelines at scale. It reduces the need for manually filling out change requests, making the process quicker and reducing errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building on our ITSM change management support, our Jira Service Management integration is available as an early access preview (EAP). This integration links Octopus deployments to Jira Service Management change requests, making it easier to manage deployment pipelines at scale. It reduces the need for manually filling out change requests, making the process quicker and reducing errors.
```

Learn how to use [Project level insights in our docs](https://octopus.com/docs/insights).  

### Insight across projects and teams with the Space level insights (available to Enterprise customers)

![Space level insights with Octopus Deploy DevOps Insights](devops-insights-space-level-insights.png "width=500")

This release includes additional insights for Enterprise customers. Space level insights:

- Aggregate data across your space so you can compare metrics across projects to identify what's working and what isn’t
- Inform better decision making: identify problems, track improvements, and celebrate successes 
- Help you quantify DevOps performance based on what's actually happening as shown by data

Learn more about [how Space level insights can help your team make better decisions](https://octopus.com/docs/insights). 

> Space level insights are available as a part of the Octopus Deploy Enterprise subscription. Contact our sales team for a demo and to [learn more about Octopus Deploy pricing](https://octopus.com/pricing).

### Customer feedback from the DevOps Insights Alpha Program

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd probably add a line here saying something about dozens of customers participated in our DevOps insights alpha program and we thank them for their time and feedback. This has shaped the feature for thousands of other customers.

Author: Added thanks

![Job summaries Octopus created release for GitHub Actions Octopus Deploy v2](githubactions-2.png "width=500")

Job summaries are generated using custom GitHub-Flavored Markdown that we emit through the Create Release and Push Package GitHub Actions. 

Actions output like this was previously limited to logs and annotations, which can be difficult to aggregate and group lots of information. This feature enhances the user experience.

### Push Build Information

This release introduces a new GitHub Action: [Push Build Information](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/push-build-information-to-octopus-deploy). This GitHub Action lets you provide detailed commit, build, and issue tracking information to Octopus, which can be surfaced as release notes. 

You can use this feature to share release notes with stakeholders for each production deployment. You can also follow the links from deployments back to builds and commits when trying to isolate bugs that were introduced in specific releases. 

Learn more about [Build Information and Issue Tracking](https://octopus.com/docs/packaging-applications/build-servers/build-information).

## Easier onboarding for teams

> [Watch our video that demonstrates easier onboarding for teams](https://youtu.be/EHByk8vG8xM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Watch our video showing you how easy it is to get started with Octopus Deploy](https://youtu.be/EHByk8vG8xM).
```

> [Watch our video showing you how easy it is to get started with Octopus Deploy](https://youtu.be/EHByk8vG8xM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Watch our video walk-through that helps you deploy with Octopus in minutes](https://youtu.be/EHByk8vG8xM).
```

> [Watch our video walk-through that helps you deploy with Octopus in minutes](https://youtu.be/EHByk8vG8xM).

Reviewer 2: I'd replace the link with an embedded video. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EHByk8vG8xM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Author: This feature is no longer part of Q3

Our customers told us that our existing “Space-level” wizard was difficult for new users to understand, and frustrated some experienced users who were ready to jump in. Based on this feedback, we improved the onboarding process by helping new users create their first project and deployment process with fewer clicks. 

This update makes it easier for new teams to learn Octopus and get to a successful deployment faster. 

Learn how to get started in our [guide to first deployments](https://to-do.com).

## Simpler cloud target discovery setup 

![Simpler cloud target discovery setup in Octopus Deploy](cloud-target-discovery-azure.png "width=500")

We made it easier to configure cloud connections so you can deploy to Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud. You can now configure cloud connections directly in the deployment process editor. This means you can configure and select the appropriate cloud account settings in fewer clicks. You'll also be informed when it's configured.

Learn more about how to [configure cloud connections](https://octopus.com/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/cloud-target-discovery).

## Breaking changes 

> This release contains two breaking changes:

Reviewer 2: This is now 3. :)

Author: Thanks
